This privacy policy was generated on the 2nd of January 2020 and the original document can be accessed at the link below, however, this policy has been modified to represent the product (Labs) better. For most intents and purposes, this modifided version is the official privacy policy and is subject to change. Please read though this policy.
https://www.gdprprivacypolicy.net/live.php?token=xwrVvp8hLUStHhnjIyMjTqKfHrtbBf0z



    1. Privacy Policy for Labs

At Labs, accessible from jl.mweya.duckdns.org, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Labs and how we (the Labs development team) use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us over email (mweyaruider@gmail.com) or Telegram (t.me/Mweya). Other contact methods like phone calls are discouraged as response times may be longer, however requests for information will be upheld to the best of our ability.
The word "system" in this document refers to the application, the website and the resources it depends on, including the API and the database.



    2. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

We are a Data Controller of the information you have chosen to give us. Labs' legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information. Labs needs to comply with the law. Labs will retain your personal information only for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.

	Tl;Dr
	Labs needs to perform a contract with you, 
	You have given Labs permission to do so,
	Processing your personal information is in Labs legitimate interests,
	Labs needs to comply with the law.

Labs will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes,  and enforce our policies.

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed about what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. 
Our Privacy Policy was generated with the help of the GDPR Privacy Policy Generator and the App Privacy Policy Generator.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

	The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you,
	The right of rectification,
	The right to object,
	The right of restriction,
	The right to data portability,
	And the right to withdraw consent.

For more information about these rights, please go to the following site: https://gdpr-info.eu/
	


    3. Log Files

Your interaction with Labs results in the creation of log files. This is standard practice and is done by the hosting companies responsible for hosting this service as well as some functions of Labs. Although some consideration has gone into minimizing the amount of information logged, log files are very important to the operation of Labs and store information that can help our team fix bugs and broken features. The information collected by log files can include internet protocol (IP) addresses,  browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the system or application, and gathering demographic information, as well as measuring the popularity of resources on this system.



    4. Cookies and Web Beacons

Like most other websites, Labs uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages served by the system that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by  customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information. Labs is built using third party tools like React Native and GoLang which might use cookies for communication and other system functions. 



    5. Privacy Policies

The advertising system used in Labs has been built from scratch and does not use third party advertising services, however, when ads are clicked on, you may be redirected to the advertiser's site which may employ technologies like cookies, JavaScript or Web Beacons. When this happens, they automatically receive your IP address. These technologies are usually used to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites you visit.

Note that Labs has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites or at the following link: http://www.whatarecookies.com/



    6. Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity. Labs does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information when interacting with our system, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.



    7. Online Privacy Policy Only

Our Privacy Policy (created at GDPRPrivacyPolicy.net) applies only to our online activities and is valid for users of our system with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Labs. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this system. Our GDPR Privacy Policy was generated from the GDPR Privacy Policy Generator.



    8. Consent

By using our system, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
